c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\PruebaDitech.exe.config
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\obj\Debug\PruebaDitech.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\PruebaDitech.exe
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\PruebaDitech.pdb
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\obj\Debug\PruebaDitech.exe
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\obj\Debug\PruebaDitech.pdb
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\mayker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebaDitech\PruebaDitech\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
